README.md, before:

# Merchant's Guide to the Galaxy
Typescript solution to Merchant's Guide to the Galaxy problem.

# Requirements
To build and run this app you just need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.

# Getting started
- Clone the repository
```
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/pedrokehl/galaxy-merchant-guide
```
- Install dependencies
```
cd galaxy-merchant-guide
npm install
```
- Using  
The program is using the [input.txt](/input.txt) file by default, But you can also pass a file path through command line argument

```
npm start
or
npm start path=./other.txt
```


# Testing

Unit tests are written using Jest with Typescript, you can run them with:

```
npm test
```

# Description

You decided to give up on earth after the latest financial collapse left 99.99% of the earth's
population with 0.01% of the wealth. Luckily, with the scant sum of money that is left in your
account, you are able to afford to rent a spaceship, leave earth, and fly all over the galaxy to sell
common metals and dirt (which apparently is worth a lot).

Buying and selling over the galaxy requires you to convert numbers and units, and you decided
to write a program to help you.

The numbers used for intergalactic transactions follows similar convention to the roman
numerals and you have painstakingly collected the appropriate translation between them.

Roman numerals are based on symbols: [Roman Numerals - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_numerals)

Numbers are formed by combining symbols together and adding the values. For example, MMVI
is 1000 + 1000 + 5 + 1 = 2006. Generally, symbols are placed in order of value, starting with the
largest values. When smaller values precede larger values, the smaller values are subtracted
from the larger values, and the result is added to the total. For example MCMXLIV = 1000 +
(1000 − 100) + (50 − 10) + (5 − 1) = 1944.

The symbols "I", "X", "C", and "M" can be repeated three times in succession, but no more. (They
may appear four times if the third and fourth are separated by a smaller value, such as XXXIX.)
"D", "L", and "V" can never be repeated.
"I" can be subtracted from "V" and "X" only. "X" can be subtracted from "L" and "C" only. "C" can
be subtracted from "D" and "M" only. "V", "L", and "D" can never be subtracted.
Only one small-value symbol may be subtracted from any large-value symbol.

A number written in [16]Arabic numerals can be broken into digits. For example, 1903 is
composed of 1, 9, 0, and 3. To write the Roman numeral, each of the non-zero digits should be
treated separately. Inthe above example, 1,000 = M, 900 = CM, and 3 = III. Therefore, 1903 =
MCMIII.

Input to your program consists of lines of text detailing your notes on the conversion between
intergalactic units and roman numerals.
You are expected to handle invalid queries appropriately.

#### Test input
glob is I

prok is V

pish is X

tegj is L

glob glob Silver is 34 Credits

glob prok Gold is 57800 Credits

pish pish Iron is 3910 Credits

how much is pish tegj glob glob ?

how many Credits is glob prok Silver ?

how many Credits is glob prok Gold ?

how many Credits is glob prok Iron ?

how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?


#### Test Output
pish tegj glob glob is 42

glob prok Silver is 68 Credits

glob prok Gold is 57800 Credits

glob prok Iron is 782 Credits

I have no idea what you are talking about

Commit message:

Update README.md with coverage report information

README.md, after:

# Merchant's Guide to the Galaxy
Typescript solution to Merchant's Guide to the Galaxy problem.

# Requirements
To build and run this app you just need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed.

# Getting started
- Clone the repository
```
git clone --depth=1 https://github.com/pedrokehl/galaxy-merchant-guide
```
- Install dependencies
```
cd galaxy-merchant-guide
npm install
```
- Using  
The program is using the [input.txt](/input.txt) file by default, But you can also pass a file path through command line argument

```
npm start
or
npm start path=./other.txt
```


# Testing

Unit tests are written using Jest with Typescript, you can run them with:

```
npm test
```

After you run the tests, a coverage report will be generated.  
You can check it opening the path **_{PROJECT_PATH}/coverage/lcov-report/index.html_** in a browser.

# Description

You decided to give up on earth after the latest financial collapse left 99.99% of the earth's
population with 0.01% of the wealth. Luckily, with the scant sum of money that is left in your
account, you are able to afford to rent a spaceship, leave earth, and fly all over the galaxy to sell
common metals and dirt (which apparently is worth a lot).

Buying and selling over the galaxy requires you to convert numbers and units, and you decided
to write a program to help you.

The numbers used for intergalactic transactions follows similar convention to the roman
numerals and you have painstakingly collected the appropriate translation between them.

Roman numerals are based on symbols: [Roman Numerals - Wikipedia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Roman_numerals)

Numbers are formed by combining symbols together and adding the values. For example, MMVI
is 1000 + 1000 + 5 + 1 = 2006. Generally, symbols are placed in order of value, starting with the
largest values. When smaller values precede larger values, the smaller values are subtracted
from the larger values, and the result is added to the total. For example MCMXLIV = 1000 +
(1000 − 100) + (50 − 10) + (5 − 1) = 1944.

The symbols "I", "X", "C", and "M" can be repeated three times in succession, but no more. (They
may appear four times if the third and fourth are separated by a smaller value, such as XXXIX.)
"D", "L", and "V" can never be repeated.
"I" can be subtracted from "V" and "X" only. "X" can be subtracted from "L" and "C" only. "C" can
be subtracted from "D" and "M" only. "V", "L", and "D" can never be subtracted.
Only one small-value symbol may be subtracted from any large-value symbol.

A number written in [16]Arabic numerals can be broken into digits. For example, 1903 is
composed of 1, 9, 0, and 3. To write the Roman numeral, each of the non-zero digits should be
treated separately. Inthe above example, 1,000 = M, 900 = CM, and 3 = III. Therefore, 1903 =
MCMIII.

Input to your program consists of lines of text detailing your notes on the conversion between
intergalactic units and roman numerals.
You are expected to handle invalid queries appropriately.

#### Test input
glob is I

prok is V

pish is X

tegj is L

glob glob Silver is 34 Credits

glob prok Gold is 57800 Credits

pish pish Iron is 3910 Credits

how much is pish tegj glob glob ?

how many Credits is glob prok Silver ?

how many Credits is glob prok Gold ?

how many Credits is glob prok Iron ?

how much wood could a woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could chuck wood ?


#### Test Output
pish tegj glob glob is 42

glob prok Silver is 68 Credits

glob prok Gold is 57800 Credits

glob prok Iron is 782 Credits

I have no idea what you are talking about
